16oz of Pasta (mini shells work well) 1/4 cup Butter 1/2 cup All-Purpose Flour 2 1/2 cup Milk (2% works well) 6 slices of White American Cheese (chopped or torn) 2 cup Shredded Sharp Cheese (Extra-sharp preferable) 1 tbsp Dijon Mustard 1 tsp Salt 1/4 tsp Hot Sauce Bacon (optional)
Cook pasta normally
Melt butter on low heat in pot and mix in flour after it is melted 
Increase heat and slowly add milk while constantly whisking. Whisk until mixture thickens and starts to bubble, then remove from heat.
Mix cheese, mustard, hot sauce and salt, then dump into pot. Whisk until mixture is smooth.
Pour onto cooked noodles and stir.


Sweet Potato Chili with Black Beans

Ingredients:

1 small- medium onion minced
3 garlic cloves minced
2 large carrots minced
2-3 pieces of celery minced
1.5 large sweet potato diced
1 15 oz can of black beans
1 15 oz can of kidney beans
2 cups sliced mushrooms
2 large peppers any colour chopped
1 large jar of pureed tomatoes
1 large can of diced tomatoes
1 can of tomato paste
1.5 cups water
1 organic vegetable bouillon cube we use yeast-free
2 tablespoons chili powder
1 tablespoon cumin
salt and pepper
olive oil
1/4 cup red wine
Directions:

Heat a large pot or dutch oven over medium.
Add 1-2 Tbsp oil to pot.
Add in onion, garlic, celery and carrot a dash of salt and pepper.
Stir until soft, about 7-10 minutes.
Add in tomato paste and red wine and cook down for about 3 minutes.
Add in tomato puree, bouillon cube, water, diced tomato and spices. Stir and cook about 1 minute.
Add in rest of ingredients (veggies and beans). Place lid on and cook over medium-low heat for about 30 minutes.
Take lid off and cook another 15-25 minutes (reduce) until desired consistency.
If using crock pot:

Add all the ingredients to your crock pot and cook on low for apx. 8 hours.
Image Source: 

/i0.wp.com/thenaughtynutritionists.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/Vegan-sweet-potato-and-black-bean-chili.jpg?w=1000&ssl=1

Peruvian Chicken

INGREDIENTS
FOR THE CHICKEN:
6 garlic cloves, finely grated or minced
3 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon aji amarillo paste or another chile paste such as sriracha or sambal
1 tablespoon lime juice
1 teaspoon aji panca paste or 1 teaspoon pasilla chile powder
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
½ teaspoon fine sea salt
1 (3 1/2- to 4 1/2-pound) chicken, halved (see Note) or 4 pounds bone-in, skin-on chicken parts
 Extra-virgin olive oil, as needed
FOR THE SAUCE:
1 cup cilantro leaves and tender stems
3 to 4 jalapeños, seeded and diced
¼ cup/1 ounce crumbled feta cheese
1 garlic clove, chopped
1 ½ tablespoons lime juice, more to taste
2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano or basil
¾ teaspoon fine sea salt, more to taste
½ teaspoon Dijon mustard
½ tablespoon aji amarillo or other chile paste (see headnote)
½ teaspoon honey
½ teaspoon ground cumin
½ cup extra-virgin olive oil
 Lime wedges, for garnish

 PREPARATION
For the marinade: In a large bowl, whisk together garlic, soy sauce, aji amarillo paste, lime juice, aji panca paste, mustard, cumin, pepper and salt.
Add chicken halves, turning to coat them all over with marinade. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours.
Heat the oven to 450 degrees. Remove chicken from marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Arrange skin-side up on a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with oil.
Roast until skin is golden and chicken is cooked through, 35 to 45 minutes (if using chicken parts, remove the breasts after 25 to 35 minutes). Remove from oven and let sit, loosely covered with foil, for 10 minutes before serving.
While chicken is roasting, make the sauce. In a blender, blend cilantro, jalapeños, feta, garlic, lime juice, oregano, salt, mustard, aji amarillo paste, honey, and cumin until smooth. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in oil until mixture is emulsified. Taste and adjust the seasonings with salt or lime juice or both.
Carve the chicken and serve with the sauce and lime wedges on the side.